Every day is a new opportunity to chase your dreams.
Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place.
Happiness is not out there; it's in you.
The best is yet to come.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
You are capable of amazing things.
Positive thoughts generate positive feelings and attract positive life experiences.
You are stronger than you know.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
Let your unique awesomeness and positive energy inspire confidence in others.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Happiness is a choice. Choose to be happy today.
You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Do more things that make you forget to check your phone.
Believe you can, and you're halfway there.
You have everything you need to build something far bigger than yourself.
Keep your spirits up, and the sky will clear up.
Don't worry about failures; worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple.
Positivity always wins… Always.
Stay positive; stay hopeful.
Turn your face to the sun, and the shadows fall behind you.
A positive mindset brings positive things.
Positivity is a superpower.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.
Keep looking up… That's the secret of life.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
You are so much sunshine in every square inch.
Train your mind to see the good in everything.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes.
Be the light in the darkness.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world.
Accentuate the positive, eliminate the negative, latch onto the affirmative.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
It’s always too early to quit.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
The most wasted of days is one without laughter.
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.
Make each day your masterpiece.
You get what you give.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think.
To succeed, you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you.
You are off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
No matter what you’re going through, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.
Limit your "always" and your "nevers."
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
Inspire yourself to be great. Being good isn’t good enough.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
You are enough just as you are.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.
Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we can only find our true direction when we let the wind of change carry us.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.

